# S.Lindahl's Project Website - BDA594
## San Francisco Open Data
### I chose a dataset from San Francisco's Open Data Portal. I navigated to the public safety section and selected [Police incidents from 2018 to present](https://data.sfgov.org/Public-Safety/Police-Department-Incident-Reports-2018-to-Present/wg3w-h783). This dataset is comprised of all calls for service over the past 5 years. It includes information like location, police codes for call type, date, time. This data can be used to create visualizations that show crime hotspots by year to show trends over time. Perhaps you could look at what times of day or year are prone to more violent crime and predict when more officers may need to be in a particular area of the city. These types of visualizations can help city officials and police departments create plans to tackle areas with high rates of crime.

## Data Science Book
### I chose the book [R for Data Science(2e)](https://r4ds.hadley.nz/) - Hadley Wickham, Mine Çetinkaya-Rundel, and Garrett Grolemund. This free e-book contains all the information you need to get started analyzing and transforming data in R. It is for beginners, but it can also be used as a great refresher if you need to dust off your skills. R is the first programming language I learned while pursuing my undergrad in Wildlife Biology. I really enjoyed working in it and I programmed all of my data analysis through R for my senior project. This book looks to be an incredible free resource for doing data science and visualizations in R.